>> Zac Gordon: Open up the functions.php
file as the first step, and
locate the wp_enqueue_script function
inside of jsforwp_enqueue_scripts.
Okay, so
here is my jsforwp_enqueue_scripts.
>> Zac Gordon: And the instruction
is to change path/to/file.js to
assets/js/theme.js and
that makes sense, all right?
If we look in our structure,
we're here in our functions.
We wanna go into our assets,
JS, theme and load it.
Perfect, okay, so come down to
where we have path/to/file.js and
we're gonna change that
to assets/js/theme.
Honestly if you all wanna copy and paste
this stuff up here down below I don't
really care, again the exercise
isn't to type it out manually.
It's to identify again and again
the stuff that you're gonna be changing.
So once you do this,
come back over to your site.
Were there any other instructions?
Activate the theme,
load it in the browser, look for
it loaded in the message console.
So if I come back over to my site and
I pop open my console, there we go,
I'm seeing loaded.